Hi, I'm here to tell you about
the new sony xperia zé two and he is
full of news one of them is smart
band that our wristband with sensors
along with the application life love goes
tell you how was your day?
also has several color options with
accessories
Of course I already have mine then I
I'll show you how my day was.
of class
I woke up winning the usual
and for those who have difficulty waking up
most beautiful fiber to help you
get up and start your day well
another advantage is that vibrating it does not
will bother someone studying at the side
the smart pad the application is blog are like
a diary of my life with him your
I register all my activities are
they leisure personal professional the
entertainment
yesterday the day was full of meetings to
talk about the launch of sony xperia z2 eu
I talked about his design through
high quality materials in play
them is a new technology that will
provide amazing images and also
durability
after all it is waterproof and supports
up to 1 meter and a half for 30 minutes out
of work
I forgot my xperia z2 and the smart band
she vibrated to let me know what happened in the
gym listening to my music
and which ones are older
play back for the song sony xperia z2
also has the best quality of
sound is stereo and also
has noise cancellation of the most
beautiful of a private safe blog creates
a timeline that records all the
activities that I did, such as
songs I listened to the photos I
I took as occurs
I counted the calories burned where I
I spent and much more at night I found
here tassoni to celebrate the launch
of the xperia z2 ten most beautiful
so ended my day full success
the smart pad it helps to track and
plan your routine
one of the most interesting functions is that
with it you can see your pattern
sleep
in my case, everyone is very little
folks
are details that make all the difference
in your day to day